[doc][yba] Clarify pre-req for cloud provider image upgrades (#23285)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-platform/manage-deployments/upgrade-nodes-csp.md

If your universe uses a custom Linux version and you want to upgrade to a new custom version, you must first add the updated custom Linux version to the universe provider configuration. Refer to [Create cloud provider configuration](../../configure-yugabyte-platform/aws/).

> Before upgrading the universe, it is recommended to verify that the selected cloud provider image can successfully boot on a standalone virtual machine (VM) with the same instance type as the universe. Create a new VM with the same instance type as the universe and the selected cloud provider image for the boot disk and verify that the VM can boot succesfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before patching or upgrading the operating system, verify that the Linux version image that you intend to use can successfully run on a standalone virtual machine (VM) with the same instance type as the nodes you are patching. You can do this by creating a new VM with the same instance type as your universe and using the selected Linux version for the boot disk and verifying that the VM boots succesfully.
```
